hello for the roller, we win
good afternoon and look, I’ll ask people from
Russia how you feel about the war what war
was adopted,
well, which is now taking place
in ukraine russia attacked ukraine
relate to the war,
let's point by point what do you
think the war is,
look it is possible, including what you
think is rape,
wonderful in your opinion, T-shirts are
not so, I ask you,
look, if the maniac calls rape
there a romantic special operation from this is
more important,
you can answer what war is
ukraine continues
here is the money for him you can’t
answer anything and argue add
some kind of rape here
look I’ll say this because when he
knew how you can keep quiet I was good
what fascism is you are
afraid to admit and that your Russian
soldiers kill peaceful people even people
in  ukraine
fascists years see fascism then
destruction loans for  for the fascist destroyed
Kharkov here is this foshan video with
me they answered me no money no 1 to the second
question how you didn’t answer you didn’t answer
us the
question was not revealed I asked you a question
how do you feel about her you started
turning on such a fool so
you are sitting today
Ukrainian  doesn’t insult you catch
the nation led cisco you don’t throw some kind of nation at the nation
say something my behavior you
play Ukrainian behavior Ukrainian
behavior
repeat
this destruction of cities destruction of
people hatred of people so here we have
our version look russia is now
destroying people in we say fell
destroyed people in a storm, destroyed a
beard, destroyed near Kharkov,
and now you are sitting
smiling to know the branch is a fascist.  so
rejoice at this
how you feel today
answered that my good fascism is
now you can turn around look out the
window and
saw said and establish a rabbi
see a fascist state in
which region of Russia do you live
I live in the southern Urals in the southern Urals
so you look  believe
you were in europe once russian in
europe were of course and where were of course
where are the bears everywhere this is where
my
warsaws look yes in iraq you
saw civilized countries
time you saw civilized countries varnishes
saw civilized countries it turns out
and you are now living here  in your
normal Urals, so you want
to speak correctly, it
offends us, it doesn’t offend in the Urals,
you live on a level, but in a rally in Russia
it
turns out that you live there and
instead of organizing your
life, so you climb to us in order
to us  to
draw in this
Asian state, so instead of
letting us into the euro, baby
Russian Aziz, of course this is  in ukrainian
asian ukrainian i
uploaded what language was created as the terminal and it
’s not the trenches you said the language is not the
worst of the village legends and here you are in a
fascist some kind of ukrainian language
he is a farmhouse and why do you
look like that you
hate the ukrainian language yes sit not a
layer in any way  at 1 or in the Urals
village
in the clinic in ukraine there are no villages in
ukraine, but you have a village, of course,
here you have villages and I saw how one
beautiful city geringer marina here,
type something on the Internet, ancient
dima did not find a fire festival is taking place
for the sake of such a bar  we are bazhov done the
mistress of the copper mountain to
such a beautiful village dima
holds a chic bazhov festival every year and
that
you yourself are now trying to each other
somewhere humiliating pinned and why and
why the regime to be
a respectful friend look if at least
if you want with respect with interest to you
asked a question how do you feel about the war
in ukraine and you
turned on disrespect turned off by name you turned on dir  fools
said to them in ukraine
in the urals in russia new ukraine while
you don’t like the answer option means
someone your opponent is a fool or
fools you you are not a fool
fool you turn on the mode very
educated person very cunning
cynical yes but you turn on the
fool mode.
defensive reaction of the body
come out to this cynical let's go back to this
issue, which is different, how do you feel
about it, here you call it
scary to call wine it for this if
criminal liability here you
call it from the field of operations so
tell me how  you relate to this
special operation,
let's still unwind you on
this issue you won't
run away  succeeded
ukraine became a litter for the
next question and
that and now ukraine became a litter over
this is ours let's say the rights here they became the
master of the ropes for me and why you attacked us
well how will the person survive draw
conclusions I won't lose so that you the
answer is already contained in your
gift you are  threats
inappropriately, Russia does what
to defend or what does not suit you, I  t
just look, try to understand here
Estonia latvia lithuania has long been
planted dominant so they are right under
moscow near petersburg the version didn’t attack them
from ukraine just wanted to become a
litter for that and it’s already on the fields
what’s the matter
please tell me here in the baltic states
their population was
destroyed by their own government now I will
free
agreed a wave man 2 minutes the
Baltic states are white to you
there are no villages and Ukraine is not in the Donbass not the
Baltic states in the Donbass I will smash the population of
Ukraine I didn’t finish it off it wasn’t for its
population and
you cited the Baltic states as an example they said
that it is  NATO’s bedding, but
Russia is not interested in it, I asked you,
was there such a precedent in the Baltic States
when
if the Russian-speaking population was
bombed by your
government, apparently you said don’t thunder,
I don’t know that
the Russian-speaking population
was bombed by your government
Well, tell me everything  Russians ask
us for information on the photo  oh, we all the more
understood
how many people were bombing there, and now, even if
Ukraine
was
2000 14, you were given a Russian
terrorist organization,
now please answer me why the
LPR and DPR are now fighting together with Russia
against Ukraine,
if Russia bombed the Donbass this time, you will
still call normally
you can answer, let's
figure it out from the very beginning with what the
hostilities in the Donbass began, if yes,
tell me fine, he will wait for us for a long time
to talk tied mines actions in the
Donbass began on April 12,
2014, when Russian tourist
organizations, led by Girkin, they
seized the
police department of the word  Slavic
from that time on, actually the
hostilities of the higher ones began,
armed groups came from Russia and
captured the city two days later, an
anti-terrorist operation began in Ukraine,
which, in principle
,
continued here with 1 different help from
Russian
military acts,
you know perfectly well how many
Russians are in  fought in the Donbass and how many
Russians died and
who really fired once is already
kicking you out
but
you are talking about taxes and you are sure of yours which we
now called it and
turns off the sound turned off the
Internet and we pay the Internet after finishing with an
Internet cafe
I haven’t heard
let’s exchange with you
we’ll make a separate arrow with contacts so
we’ll choose an hour there so that we have time to
look
at whether I’m even leaving comments for you there,
I wrote you, I know you in the point of view we know they
then look 2-5 and let’s
exchange contacts so that we
write off in the circuit.
look, let's see today's situation is to let's not look at your deceit, let's agree with you, exchange contacts, let's call in someone's zoom, then this hour is allocated and we'll talk about all this question in chronology, it's not just interesting harman you now you are violating here, let's watch, let's watch, let's write, there's no left at all, but I don't share your opinion, I changed it according to, look, you don't say that someone is expelling technology on threads online, well, let's take it with you, then you will check then you will have a week of good believe and we will get together and go through the dates clearly, let’s want politicians to want to treat me, I see that it’s sick with a stitching about a ligand and you need to be cured from you, it’s not sick and it’s not sick, rashists and propaganda are sick that we aram will fly to you in which city on already in the city of khmelnitsky already cured near Kyiv and already cured almost no one more than two  15 to
happen not
your army came to treat their
doctors
to the field hospital made
it funny where a bunch of invaders
is cool yes really
more than more from where
very dead invaders the more
living Ukrainians this holiday is
dying now you don’t feel sorry sorry for
ours it’s a pity to occupy the outside the occupier the
whole
know and inversely proportional to
mathematics, so the more dead
occupiers, the fewer dead Ukrainians
or the more dead occupiers, the more
occupiers are dead that they should respect them, but
let's agree on
some kind of broadcast, let's exchange
contacts how to find you there and no, I don't
want  tell me, but you name my
guys whom I respect, which
heroes are called for me, and
you and you respect the dead German soldiers
who crossed to our
land,
you didn’t announce a common holiday yourself,
but you and I won in a common country,
didn’t you win  because we
won the hall with you as a country and we would not have fought with you, we
would have met  from the Urals, so
watch the game, that is, what is the goodness of the
German invaders and don’t talk about
Tanya there there is good
quality there is this person post a
video with me I just address them
Ukrainian moment to Russian guys look
at the white rhetoric look at what he
says whom he calls  it renders them,
draw conclusions yourself, all the best for you, we’ll do
it
specifically so that they look at your opinion
about me Darwin and make people, as it were,
their opinion or right, I think
it’s good, let’s have
more firewood before the dead ones and bows,
let’s need up to 50 in the
Urals,
we are not offended in the
Urals of Russia, I always confuse  in the Urals,
godfather, however,
write in the comments, you can also
buy them and call them dead and
all
cynical dzhinochka so along the way I
would also have to buy Vika my cotton wool
on my land OKVED cotton wool Krinitsky
puppy this happens and Ukrainians before and after
death are called o x o soft  the bathroom, we,
through the fault of inshallah, stand out so for the purpose of
banana cynicism and
experiencing ordinary Ukrainians so jumping
blanks  the soldiers and
the [ __ ] Borodyansky himself will return to
Kherson festive and stupid so it
will come true how do you call my guys these whom
I respect
dead
like we raise them again it’s a pity and it’s necessary
to squeeze again
like it’s normal people where to run and
buy a step so
make an opinion there what his rhetoric
may be  as if this is to the rhetoric of the
invader, the bastard fell on May
Moto nobody to the bar of glory and shang and
our part of
Louis XV at will in the wishes of
reality and I live it is you so we have no
no it was you wrong chronology
so cunningly batik you got it wrong
chronology g2 and we are going to analyze the
chronology correctly so let's change the
time, it’s not interesting with you nor in the
strong fangs of the win xp gar and it’s not interesting to
stir up the tactics of the sages of the board.  we had so
here we have the Urals ourselves such
stories I need for the creator write
in the comments so what do you think about on
and the quality knife on the elders didn’t
turn on the fool it’s what kind of war what
is war and then the
savannahs, of course,
huddled their own about skins  the pasha may accept it,
and the other may take the view of
seeing bayonets at the cape in there are
Ukrainian people on low puppies
Ukrainian details of the rights of Ukrainians on
their wrong hands laube